You two are superscripted.
Why are you still eating here?
Any idea how much a meal here costs?
I just want to sing on the second floor, after all the high strokes.
Sister, can you not bring such ill will to me whenever we meet?
We are just here to eat, what does it matter?
This time, we come to you to teach me a lesson.
This can be expanded because you get the project of building a building.
As long as this project doesn't work for a day, you will be our family's for free.
This doesn't require you to throw arrows.
So I, you dare to do it.
Grandpa, I’m here to eat.
Because I am the owner of this restaurant
Now I temporarily decided to add another rule
It’s Chou Ba Guan and Boss Guan
You two and the rules
Then you have to ask Xiao Yutong first if he agrees.
Xiaoyu is the owner of his restaurant